[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom inside
a barrier known as
the "Birdcage"
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE AC] But
now they're one hell of a team!
Okay, ignore that and
keep running like this,
straight up to the palace!
Go, horse!
[FARUL whinnies]
Is something the matter, Farul?
[thudding]
They're huge! What the
heck are those things?!
[LUFFY] "A Hard-Fought
Battle Against Pica!
Zoro's Deadly Attack!"
[rattling]
Are they tin soldiers?
They look a bit like
toys, don't they?
I'd hate to see the
child they belong to.
Ghastly things.
[CAVENDISH]
Is this supposed to be a joke?
[FARUL yelps]
Tear straight
through! And hurry!
[FARUL whinnies]
[LUFFY]
All right!
Oh! One of 'em fell over!
[KYROS]
Rather clumsy, it seems.
[LUFFY gasps]
[gasps]
That's creepy!
If we hadn't moved, that thing
would've chewed my head off!
Get ready for more!
[LUFFY yelps]
[CAVENDISH]
I'm going full-speed!
You're going to have
to take care of yourselves!
Got it!
[PICA grunting]
[ZORO grunts]
[PICA panting]
Just sayin',
if this is all you've got,
you never had a chance
against my captain.
[PICA growls]
Little twerp!
Uh! Damn it!
[ZORO grunts]
Too slow.
[PICA]
Pulpostone!
Huh? Why're you here?
And why are you flying?
Zoro!
Whoa, do I get to
see Mister Zoro fight?!
[gasps] I'm stuck in the sky!
I gotta get down there
and get an autograph!
[gasps] Oh, no!
[REBECCA]
That's Pica!
Rebecca!
Who's that?
He's a Top Executive
from the Family,
with the same rank
as Trebol and Diamante.
This is bad!
If he attacks now, we're done!
We can't dodge fast enough!
[ROBIN] Zoro! Keep
the enemy right there!
[ZORO]
Huh?!
We're going up.
We have to pass over
this stone figure!
Huh? That should be easy enough.
I'm just tryin' to figure
out how you're flying!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Looks like our enemy ran away.
Hey, buddy, I don't blame you
if you're pissin' your pants.
Mister Zoro's a
certified badass, after all.
Crap! He tricked us!
You won't get to the palace!
He's back inside.
[shrieks] Here he comes!
This guy's aiming
straight for us!
Use your barrier!
I can't! Jeez! I gotta
use my hands for that!
Besides, you see
the size of that fist?
My barriers ain't
nearly that big!
Think fast!
We gotta do something!
'Cause any second now,
we're gonna get smashed
to smithereens!
Huh?
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style!
One Thousand Eighty
Caliber Phoenix!
[ZORO yells]
[PICA screams]
I think I get how
your power works.
[panting]
[ZORO]
Hey, Soprano Man!
Huh?
[ZORO] There's something
I forgot to tell you.
You've underestimated
the Straw Hats.
Luffy and Usopp aren't the only
ones you need to worry about.
[BARTOLOMEO cries]
See this face? You're looking
at the man who's gonna be
the greatest swordsman
in the world someday.
[PICA gasps, growls]
[BARTOLOMEO sobs]
Mister Zoro!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
[gunfire]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
The Little People
are causing a riot!
We need backup!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
[DWARVES shouting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E groans]
Ow!
[DON QUIXOTE
PIRATE G gasps, groans]
--[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H groans]
--[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I groans]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE J groans]
They're gonna send
in reinforcements!
Quick, we need to open the door
to the factory and
let our friends in!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
--[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
--[DWARVES shout]
Let's go help them out!
[MOUJI]
Oh, whatever shall we do?! Ahh!
Princess Mansherry!
Where did you go?!
Are you here? Here?!
Maybe here? Here?! Ahh!
Hey, Mouji!
It doesn't seem like they're
keeping the princess
on this floor!
[MOUJI]
Are you sure?!
Then where might
they be holding her?!
I don't know, but right now,
the advance unit is
making a dash for--
She's that way?!
I'm coming, Princess!
Wait for me!
Wait a sec, Mouji!
[MOUJI yelling]
[DWARVES gasps]
Well, so much for that.
[DWARVES shouting]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE O]
Manager!
Excuse me!
There's a problem!
Huh? It's the Little People!
They started a revolt!
It's getting out of control.
I'm afraid we can't handle
this on our own anymore.
We need your help to--
[KUWEEN yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE O grunts]
[KUWEEN]
Why are you so useless?!
You should be ashamed
of yourselves!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE O]
I-I'm sorry, ma'am!
[KUWEEN sighs] You're really
gonna make me do this?!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE O gasps]
[KUWEEN]
Fine. I'll clean their clocks
and put those shrimps
in their place!
[KUWEEN]
They may be thick-headed,
but I'll drill a lesson
into their skulls!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
We're screwed! They're
just too fast to hit!
Just keep firing!
You'll get one!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DWARVES yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
You guys are bad and
your aim is bad, too!
You'll never beat us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE V yells]
[DWARF F grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
[growls]
Wait! You can't!
Aren't you worried about
Princess Mansherry?
Huh?
We have to take care of her,
because she's so sick!
If you leave the
factory with her,
then how is she
ever gonna get better?
Oh. I didn't
even consider that!
And think, if you guys
stop working for us,
she'll be so sad,
because there won't be any
other Tontattas here with her!
[BOTH chuckle]
Oh, no.
He's tricking us!
You can't listen, Chao!
Huh?
C'mon.
Let's put this business behind
us and get back to work, okay?
Huh? Ah!
I put in earplugs, so I can't
hear your nasty lies anymore!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[CHAO]
Tontatta Swing!
[SMILE OVERSEER C screams]
[CHAO yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES
stammer, groan]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE Z gasp]
Call the young master, hurry!
Uh, okay!
[DWARVES]
You guys better not!
Tontatta Tail...
...Four-man Hammer!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES
gasp, groan]
[DWARF A]
Hmm. Okay!
Let's release their
Transponder Snails!
If we do that, they won't be
able to call for backup anymore!
Are you paying attention?!
[DWARVES]
Huh?
Your earplugs!
Okay, team. Get that door open!
[MOUJI]
What?! How can it be?
You mean all this time,
Princess Mansherry
was never sick at all?
[DWARF H]
Inhel told us.
[MOUJI] I was such a fool!
We've been hoodwinked!
Bamboozled! Hornswoggled!
Where is the princess?!
Well, uh...
Everyone split up
to look for her.
[MOUJI]
She's that way?
I'm coming for you Princess!
[DWARVES]
Hey! Wait a second!
I'm pleased to know
her illness was a lie,
but to think that
she's been alone
all this time in the factory.
How sad she must be!
Princess, your loyal
Mouji understands!
[DWARVES]
Come back!
I can practically see
the tears on your cheeks!
Why, I can practically
hear you calling out my name!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Uh?
Little Person, incoming!
"Mouji!" She cries for me!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[MOUJI]
Princess!
[DWARVES]
Mouji!
[MOUJI]
Princess!
Wait but a moment
and I will be there!
[DWARF K] Oh no! That sign
there says "don't run"!
[DWARF K] And it looks like
we have to keep left, too!
Huh?
Mouji, wait!
[DWARF K]
That's the isolation ward!
Mansherry must be in there!
Don't worry, I'll save you!
Hold on! You can't do it!
Why would you say that?!
Look at that sign
up on the door!
[DWARF L]
It says "keep out"!
That means we can't go in there!
Oh no! What a tragedy!
Why didn't anyone
tell me until now?
It's far too late
for me to slow down!
[GROUP gasps]
He crashed right
through that door
like the "keep out" sign
wasn't even there!
I'm so disappointed in you!
Your blatant disregard for
the rules makes us look bad!
I'm sorry... Oh?
[DWARVES gasp]
I don't see anyone in here.
Is it just for storage?
[DWARF S]
No, that can't be right.
But, the princess!
If she isn't here,
then where is she?
[DWARF T groans]
Is everybody ready?
[DWARVES]
Let's go!
[DWARVES groan]
[CHAO]
Faster!
[FRANKY yells]
[WOMEN gasp]
You're so relentless, Señor!
[DWARVES grunt]
C'mon, hurry!
[SEÑOR]
Nighty-night.
[FRANKY groans]
Get real.
Is that all you've got?
Look at that.
You're a real tough guy.
[DWARVES grunt]
[CHAO]
Almost there!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[NARRATOR]
Franky Ear!
Unlike the rest of his body,
his ears have no
mechanical advantage.
However, his hearing is
naturally quite good,
so he gets along just fine.
Listen, somethin's
been buggin' me.
[SEÑOR]
Hmm?
It's not the kinda thing
you'd care about, I guess.
[grunts]
But, uh...
[FRANKY] ...earlier,
I saw this sweet old granny
having a tough time on
that street over there
and it darn near broke my heart.
[SEÑOR grunts]
Is that so? You sure
hate to see that.
[SEÑOR grunts]
[WOMEN]
Hey, Señor?
[SEÑOR]
I just remembered,
I've got some business
to take care of.
[WOMEN]
Oh! Wait for us!
[FRANKY chuckles]
[DWARVES grunt]
[CHAO]
Turn harder! You're so close!
[DWARF A]
Everyone, help 'em out!
[DWARVES]
Got it!
Not so fast! Little shrimps!
[DWARF U gasps]
You think I'm gonna let you out?
Better remember who's
in charge of this place!
[DWARVES gasp]
It's the manager!
We're in big trouble now!
Pathetic! You twerps have
been here all this time
and you just now realized
you're nothing but slaves?
I'll put you back to work!
Break time is over!
Don't be lay abouts!
[DWARVES groan]
[cackles] Come here!
[DWARVES groaning]
[CHAO]
Get away! Quick!
[GROUP panting]
[GROUP yells]
[KUWEEN cackles]
[DWARF Z] If she sucks us up
with that thing, we're done for!
[DWARVES scream]
You think you can
escape from me?
[DWARVES screaming]
Now, this is how
you clean up a mess!
[DWARF AA yelps]
If we don't come up with
something quick, we're finished!
Open the door! That's
our only hope! Hurry!
[CHAO]
I'm trying!
I'm not letting you go!
Vacuuming, power up!
[DWARVES scream]
You stubborn little vermin!
Give up already!
We'll never give up!
We'll keep on fighting
till this door is open!
[KUWEEN growls]
[CHAO grunts]
[CHAO yelps]
[CHAO gasps]
[gasps]
[DWARVES gasp]
[KUWEEN grunts]
[chuckles]
Nice work, you guys.
Let's party.
[NARRATOR] Finally released
from the SMILE Factory,
the Tontattas can scarcely
contain their joy.
However, when
they're unable to find
their missing
princess, Mansherry,
that joy soon turns to worry.
Meanwhile, the
hard-boiled battle
between Franky
and Señor begins anew
as Kuween leaps into the
fray to get her revenge.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Little People's Princess!
Captive Mansherry!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!